so what we're going to do for this
experiment is we're going to take a
balloon Rubick clear balloon we've got a
match and we roll the string up on the
match we're going to start blowing the
blue up just a little bit and we're
going to make it where we can get a
straight shot straight down into the
balloon or drop the match down in there
and proceed to blow it up alright so you
can see we have a match dangling inside
of a balloon but watch this pretty cool
when I let the air out of the balloon it
kind of pushes the match up it's just
like eating the string and pushing it
just it that's great
alright alright what did it again I said
this time we'll eat it okay so what
we're going to do here is we're going to
try to light that match inside the
balloon without popping the balloon well
at least until the fire possibly okay so
your show Yohann go for it
Gate filet
kalenna ah so we didn't even pop the
balloon
so
eyes not umber to check I was
expecting up next to Bob darling the
full Donna
yeah why didn't elation popular the
blueness transparent to their life is
passing through and as little absorb it
rumors
that's it get smarter everyday people
you